gh-74929: PEP 667 C API documentation (#119379)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  destruction the same way the :mod:`tracemalloc` module does. (Contributed
  by Pablo Galindo in :gh:`93502`.)

* Add :c:func:`PyEval_GetFrameBuiltins`, :c:func:`PyEval_GetFrameGlobals`, and
  :c:func:`PyEval_GetFrameLocals` to the C API. These replacements for
  :c:func:`PyEval_GetBuiltins`, :c:func:`PyEval_GetGlobals`, and
  :c:func:`PyEval_GetLocals` return :term:`strong references <strong reference>`

>   rather than borrowed references. (Added as part of :pep:`667`)

Reviewer: NIT: just to be consistent with the rest of the file.

```suggestion
  rather than borrowed references. (Added as part of :pep:`667`.)
```

  to :c:func:`PyUnstable_Code_GetFirstFree`.
  (Contributed by Bogdan Romanyuk in :gh:`115781`.)

> * :c:func:`!PyFrame_FastToLocals`, :c:func:`!PyFrame_FastToLocalsWithError`, and
>   :c:func:`!PyFrame_LocalsToFast` no longer have any effect. Note that calling
>   them has been redundant since Python 3.11, when :c:func:`PyFrame_GetLocals`
>   was first introduced. (Changed as part of :pep:`667`.)

Author: ```suggestion
* :c:func:`!PyFrame_FastToLocals` and :c:func:`!PyFrame_FastToLocalsWithError`
  no longer have any effect. Calling these functions has been redundant since
  Python 3.11, when  :c:func:`PyFrame_GetLocals`  was first introduced.
  (Changed as part of :pep:`667`.)

* :c:func:`!PyFrame_LocalsToFast` no longer has any effect. Calling this function
  is redundant now that  :c:func:`PyFrame_GetLocals` returns a write-through proxy
  on :term:`optimized frames <optimized frame>`. (Changed as part of :pep:`667`.)
```
